TLS 1.x: Bind resumed session lifetime to full handshake (#31395)
openssl/openssl: CHANGES.md

### Changes between 4.0 and 4.1 [xx XXX xxxx]

 * TLS 1.3 servers now bind the lifetime of a resumed session to the initial
   full handshake: a ticket issued for a resumed session restarts the session
   lifetime, but is capped by the remaining lifetime of the session it was
   resumed from, so that repeated resumption can no longer prolong a session
   indefinitely. Tickets issued after a fresh external-PSK authentication are

>    not capped. A negative timeout passed to `SSL_CTX_set_timeout()` or

Reviewer: External PSKs are not special here.
```suggestion
   indefinitely. A negative timeout passed to `SSL_CTX_set_timeout()` or
```
